readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/zyx-0314/">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="./assets/img/nyebe_white.png" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Title</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  Short Description. (Optional)
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=zyx-0314/WD-Template-Project)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rules-and-principles">Rules and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
Description of the project in details.

Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- MultiPage Website/Single Page Website
- Parallax transition
- Transactional

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Rules and Principles
1. Always use ***WD-*** in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use 'index.html' as the filename.
3. File Structure to follow

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Sample Title | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |

Commit message:

Initial readme editing, emmet code testing

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
<!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
  <a href="https://app.daily.dev/joward">
  <img src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/v2/FbkP7WJcRwd8G2Prnc7X9.png?type=default&r=8l1" width="356" alt="Joward's Dev Card"/>
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">SEATWORK_2</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  <p>--
  insert description here--</p>
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=zyx-0314/WD-Template-Project)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rules-and-principles">Rules and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
Description of the project in details.

Guiding Question:
- SEATWORK 2 utilizing the use of Wireframing and Emmet codes
- This project aims to get used to creating websites with HTML and CSS
- Single Page Website/Resume Website
- HTML and CSS were used to set up the elements then having to format said elements

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- HTML
  - Wireframe
- CSS

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## Rules and Principles
1. Always use ***WD-*** in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use 'index.html' as the filename.
3. File Structure to follow

## My WakaTime Stats

![WakaTime stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=jowardf&layout=compact)
```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Sample Title | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |
